Quickstart of image signing and enable verification (#65)
confidential-containers/documentation: quickstart.md

Testing the SEV encrypted container launch can be completed by returning to the section on how to [Verify SEV Memory Encryption](#verify-sev-memory-encryption).

## Signing the encrypted/unencrypted image and enable signature verification when running the workload

> When an image is from a protected registry, the image needs to be applied some defined security strategies.
> The strategy types include the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an image is being pulled from a container registry, [policy requirements](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-policy.json.5.md#policy-requirements) can determined whether the image can be accepted.
The requirements can be:
```

Testing the SEV encrypted container launch can be completed by returning to the section on how to [Verify SEV Memory Encryption](#verify-sev-memory-encryption).

## Signing the encrypted/unencrypted image and enable signature verification when running the workload

Please refer to <https://github.com/confidential-containers/image-rs/blob/main/docs/quickstart/image_signing.md>

> 

Reviewer: So I wonder if we need to be a bit more careful in what we are implying here with 'enable signature verification when running the workload'. IIUC, the image-rs doc explains how to sign the image and using image-rs validation that as an image-rs integration test level piece, which is good information, but in order to get signature verification support for the kubernetes workload with CoCo we'd need to do the offline_fs_kbc set-up actions (e.g. passing in the policy, and cosign pub) in the kata/CoCo guest images and we don't have any documentation of how to do that yet, so I wonder if we need to caveats on this doc until we have this?

Author: Yes, you're right. As you've mentioned we do not have a doc to help set up an offline-fs-kbc, maybe still leaving this PR alone until related doc is provided would be a right thing to do. How do you like?
